README.md, before:

# String Calculator

> A small package containing eval methods to compute formulas inside strings.

## How to use

Simply import the eval you need and use it.

```rs
use string_templater::eval_f64;

fn main() {
  println!("{}", eval_f64("(2+3) / 2".to_string(), 0.0)); // 2.5
}
```

## Operators

Since there's a lot of things that could be simplified visually, here's the full list of operators implemented.

1. Add (x+y)
  This operator handle the addition between two number.
  Example:
  `1 + 2`
  `= 3`
1. Subtract (x-y)
  This operator handle the subtraction between two number.
  Example:
  `2 - 1`
  `= 1`
1. Multiply (x*y)
  This operator handle the multiplication between two number.
  Example:
  `3 * 2`
  `= 6`
1. Divide (x/y)
  This operator handle the division between two number.
  Example:
  `4 / 2`
  `= 2`
1. Modulo (x%y)
  This operator handle the rest of the euclidian division between two number.
  Example:
  `4 % 2`
  `= 0`
1. Left Shift (x<<y) (only in `eval_i64`)
  This operator shift the bits of `x` to `y` positions to the left (it's the same as multiplying by `2^y`).
  Example:
  `1 << 2`
  `= 4`
1. Right Shift (x>>y) (only in `eval_i64`)
  This operator shift the bits of `x` to `y` positions to the right (it's the same as dividing by `2^y`).
  Example:
  `4 >> 2`
  `= 1`
1. PowerOf (x^y)
  This operator handle the power of `x` by `y`, `x` and `y` being both numbers.
  Example:
  `3^3`
  `= 27`
1. Subscript support (x²)
  This operator handle the power of `x` by using the superscript notation (such as `²`) for integers, `x` being a number.
  Example:
  `5²`
  `= 25`
1. Factorial (x!)
  This operator handle the factorial of a real `x`.
  Example:
  `5!`
  `= 120`
1. DegToRad (x°) (only in `eval_f64`)
  This operator handle the conversion from degree to radian. You should note that it's priority is the same as multiplication.
  Example:
  `3°`
  `= 0.05235987755982989`
1. RadToDeg (x rad) (only in `eval_f64`)
  This operator handle the conversion from radian to degree. You should note that it's priority is the same as multiplication.
  Example:
  `3 rad`
  `= 171.8873385393`

## Constants

1. Pi (π) (only in `eval_f64` and `eval_decimal`)
  Pi is available as `pi` or `π`.
1. E (e) (only in `eval_f64` and `eval_decimal`)
  E is available as `e`.

## Function notation

Some function can be written purely using their original mathematical notation if wanted.

1. Floor (⌊x⌋) (only in `eval_f64` and `eval_decimal`)
  This function gives the greatest integer less than or equal to `x`.
  Example:
  `⌊2.4⌋`
  `= 2`
1. Ceiling (⌈x⌉) (only in `eval_f64` and `eval_decimal`)
  This function gives the smallest integer greater or equal to `x`.
  Example:
  `⌈2.4⌉`
  `= 3`

## Functions

1. Absolute value (abs(x))
1. Signum (sgn(x), sign(x), signum(x))
1. Power (pow(x,y))
1. Square root (sqrt(x))
1. Root (root(x, n))
1. Modulo (mod(x,y))
1. Exponential (exp(x), exp2(x))
1. Logarithm (ln(x), lb(x), log(x, b))
1. Extremum (min(...X), max(...X))
1. Avg (avg(...X))
1. Median (median(...X), med(...X))
1. Truncate (trunc(x), truncate(x)) (only in `eval_f64` and `eval_decimal`)
1. Floor (floor(x)) (only in `eval_f64` and `eval_decimal`)
1. Ceil (ceil(x)) (only in `eval_f64` and `eval_decimal`)
1. Round (round(x)) (only in `eval_f64` and `eval_decimal`)
1. Lambert W (lambert_w(x), w(x)) (only in `eval_f64` and `eval_decimal`)
1. Iterated Logarithm (ilog(x, b)) (only in `eval_f64` and `eval_decimal`)
1. Sin (sin(θ)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. Asin (asin(x)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. cos (cos(θ)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. Acos (acos(x)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. Tan (tan(θ)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. Atan (atan(x)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. Sinh (sinh(θ)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. Asinh (asinh(x), arsinh(x)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. Cosh (cosh(θ)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. Acosh (acosh(x), arcosh(x)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. Tanh (tanh(θ)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. Atanh (atanh(x), artanh(x)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. Atan 2 (atan2(y, x)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. GCD (gcd(...X)) (only in `eval_i64`)
1. LCM (lcm(...X)) (only in `eval_i64`)

## Placeholder Getter

In the case you're writting a calculator, it might be useful to use your previous answer for example.
The `@` symbol is used here as a placeholder for the value you want to put into the `eval_f64`, `eval_i64` or `eval_decimal`.

Commit message:

handling of features for evals

README.md, after:

# String Calculator

> A small package containing eval methods to compute formulas inside strings.

## How to use

Simply import the eval you need and use it.

```rs
use string_templater::eval_f64;

fn main() {
  println!("{}", eval_f64("(2+3) / 2".to_string(), 0.0)); // 2.5
}
```

## Features

By default, all features are enabled. If you only want a specific eval method, use the feature associated with it's name in the list:
- `eval_decimal`
- `eval_f64`
- `eval_i64`

Example:
```toml
[dependencies]
lib-mailgun = { default-features = false, features = ["webhook"] }
```

## Operators

Since there's a lot of things that could be simplified visually, here's the full list of operators implemented.

1. Add (x+y)
  This operator handle the addition between two number.
  Example:
  `1 + 2`
  `= 3`
1. Subtract (x-y)
  This operator handle the subtraction between two number.
  Example:
  `2 - 1`
  `= 1`
1. Multiply (x*y)
  This operator handle the multiplication between two number.
  Example:
  `3 * 2`
  `= 6`
1. Divide (x/y)
  This operator handle the division between two number.
  Example:
  `4 / 2`
  `= 2`
1. Modulo (x%y)
  This operator handle the rest of the euclidian division between two number.
  Example:
  `4 % 2`
  `= 0`
1. Left Shift (x<<y) (only in `eval_i64`)
  This operator shift the bits of `x` to `y` positions to the left (it's the same as multiplying by `2^y`).
  Example:
  `1 << 2`
  `= 4`
1. Right Shift (x>>y) (only in `eval_i64`)
  This operator shift the bits of `x` to `y` positions to the right (it's the same as dividing by `2^y`).
  Example:
  `4 >> 2`
  `= 1`
1. PowerOf (x^y)
  This operator handle the power of `x` by `y`, `x` and `y` being both numbers.
  Example:
  `3^3`
  `= 27`
1. Subscript support (x²)
  This operator handle the power of `x` by using the superscript notation (such as `²`) for integers, `x` being a number.
  Example:
  `5²`
  `= 25`
1. Factorial (x!)
  This operator handle the factorial of a real `x`.
  Example:
  `5!`
  `= 120`
1. DegToRad (x°) (only in `eval_f64`)
  This operator handle the conversion from degree to radian. You should note that it's priority is the same as multiplication.
  Example:
  `3°`
  `= 0.05235987755982989`
1. RadToDeg (x rad) (only in `eval_f64`)
  This operator handle the conversion from radian to degree. You should note that it's priority is the same as multiplication.
  Example:
  `3 rad`
  `= 171.8873385393`

## Constants

1. Pi (π) (only in `eval_f64` and `eval_decimal`)
  Pi is available as `pi` or `π`.
1. E (e) (only in `eval_f64` and `eval_decimal`)
  E is available as `e`.

## Function notation

Some function can be written purely using their original mathematical notation if wanted.

1. Floor (⌊x⌋) (only in `eval_f64` and `eval_decimal`)
  This function gives the greatest integer less than or equal to `x`.
  Example:
  `⌊2.4⌋`
  `= 2`
1. Ceiling (⌈x⌉) (only in `eval_f64` and `eval_decimal`)
  This function gives the smallest integer greater or equal to `x`.
  Example:
  `⌈2.4⌉`
  `= 3`

## Functions

1. Absolute value (abs(x))
1. Signum (sgn(x), sign(x), signum(x))
1. Power (pow(x,y))
1. Square root (sqrt(x))
1. Root (root(x, n))
1. Modulo (mod(x,y))
1. Exponential (exp(x), exp2(x))
1. Logarithm (ln(x), lb(x), log(x, b))
1. Extremum (min(...X), max(...X))
1. Avg (avg(...X))
1. Median (median(...X), med(...X))
1. Truncate (trunc(x), truncate(x)) (only in `eval_f64` and `eval_decimal`)
1. Floor (floor(x)) (only in `eval_f64` and `eval_decimal`)
1. Ceil (ceil(x)) (only in `eval_f64` and `eval_decimal`)
1. Round (round(x)) (only in `eval_f64` and `eval_decimal`)
1. Lambert W (lambert_w(x), w(x)) (only in `eval_f64` and `eval_decimal`)
1. Iterated Logarithm (ilog(x, b)) (only in `eval_f64` and `eval_decimal`)
1. Sin (sin(θ)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. Asin (asin(x)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. cos (cos(θ)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. Acos (acos(x)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. Tan (tan(θ)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. Atan (atan(x)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. Sinh (sinh(θ)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. Asinh (asinh(x), arsinh(x)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. Cosh (cosh(θ)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. Acosh (acosh(x), arcosh(x)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. Tanh (tanh(θ)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. Atanh (atanh(x), artanh(x)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. Atan 2 (atan2(y, x)) (only in `eval_f64`)
1. GCD (gcd(...X)) (only in `eval_i64`)
1. LCM (lcm(...X)) (only in `eval_i64`)

## Placeholder Getter

In the case you're writting a calculator, it might be useful to use your previous answer for example.
The `@` symbol is used here as a placeholder for the value you want to put into the `eval_f64`, `eval_i64` or `eval_decimal`.
